When the harm doing, the patience of the "nevermind attitude" towards the harm doing, and the
second
is the patience of all the difficult hardships we experience.
Third is, it is known as the patience of the hardships for practicing Dharma.
So those are the three passions.
First passion is, I translate it "nevermind".
So "nevermind attitude" when they make the troubles, or difficulties, whatever they do,
do that, "I don't care, I don't care, I nevermind, I'm not going to pay attention".
I mean, if it's a kind of verbally or something distant, immediately something happens, of
course you have to permit in a low view practice. I also said that we have to be very sensible
with more common senses, we have to prevent those things. But the deep, down heart will
not get anger. The anger is, in the Buddha teaching said, one of the very violence, violence
and a negative, negative, it really destroys the joy and peace, happiness, right on the
spot, not dead, behind the scene, according to the Buddha teaching, it destroys so many
marriages, married a tree behind the scene. On the front line, it destroys the peace,
happiness, harmonious, friendship, bone. Even with friendship and this happiness, peace,
and we kind of build up for years that met so long time. But when anger comes, it really
smashes that, that. And then behind the scene, I said, "See, it really destroys the marriage."
Very powerful, powerful. So sometimes in the teaching he says, there is no powerful, negative,
then anger, and therefore there is no powerful antidote of dharma than the patience. Patience,
so patience is so powerful, it's not patience, that doesn't mean that you're keeping that
in heart and become resistant in the teaching. He said, "You shouldn't keep that. You release
it. We have open heart, open mind, let it come, let it go, blow the eggs." It's really
that. That is, then is not kind of something old, then increases. Love and compassion and
bodhicitta and love-being practices increase. And that's the reason that I have to be warriors.
Actually, the bodhisattva, the love-being practice, bodhisattva, jitta practice is in
the Sanskrit, is known as bodhisattvas. Bodhisattva means warrior for the enlightenment. That also
indicates it's not kind of like lala journey, a journey of lala or easy, and just say everything
kind of and so forth, so forth. It is hard because we are going to work for all the living beings,
and not just for one year, two years, but eons. And in the teaching he said, "The duration of the
eons and the eons and the populations of all the sentient beings to remove their suffering,
the difficulty, troubles, their challenges, and bring them to the enlightenment." So therefore,
our courage, bodhicitta, is vast as sky, deep as ocean or infinite as sky. Keep that. That is known
as the warrior to the enlightenment warrior to the both both